When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go.
here is nothing impossible to they who will try.
The bad news is time flies. The good news is you're the pilot
Life has got all those twists and turns. You've got to hold on tight and off you go.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine, and shadows will fall behind you.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
You define your own life. Don't let other people write your script.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
Do not allow people to dim your shine because they are blinded. Tell them to put some sunglasses on.
You don't always need a plan. Sometimes you just need to breathe, trust, let go and see what happens.
You can be everything. You can be the infinite amount of things that people are.
Belief creates the actual fact.
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
Not having the best situation, but seeing the best in your situation is the key to happiness.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Weaknesses are just strengths in the wrong environment.
Silence is the last thing the world will ever hear from me
In a gentle way, you can shake the world.
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.
We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us.
Wake up determined, go to bed satisfied.
Nobody built like you, you design yourself.
Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
Don't try to lessen yourself for the world; let the world catch up to you.
When it comes to luck, you make your own.
If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one!
We generate fears while we sit. We overcome them by action.
We are not our best intentions. We are what we do.
I've noticed when I fear something, if I just end up doing it, I'm grateful in the end.
Out of the mountain of despair, a stone of hope.
How wild it was, to let it be.
You have to be where you are to get where you need to go.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts today.
You do not find the happy life. You make it.
We all have problems. But it's not what happens to us, it 's the choices we make after.
Definitions belong to the definers, not the defined.
We have to let go of who we think we should be and embrace what is
Being vulnerable is a strength, not a weakness.
In order for the light to shine so brightly, the darkness must be present.
I don't look ahead. I'm right here with you. It's a good way to be.
I don't look ahead. I'm right here with you. It's a good way to be.
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye.
Let love rule.
The power of imagination makes us infinite.
The only journey is the one within.
If my mind can conceive it, if my heart can believe it, then I can achieve it.
Embrace the glorious mess that you are.
Learn who you are, Unlearn what they told you to be.